Add documentation for keystore startup prompting (#50821)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/setup/install/docker.asciidoc

uid:gid `1000:0`**. Bind mounted host directories and files must be accessible by this user,
and the data and log directories must be writable by this user.

> [[docker-keystore-bind-mount]]

Author: I've added a few sentences to try to make this point.

===== Mounting an {es} keystore

> If you want to use {ref}/secure-settings.html[secure settings] and password-protect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use <<secure-settings,secure settings>> and password-protect
```

> the keystore that stores them, you will need to use the `elasticsearch-keystore` utility

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the keystore that stores them, you must use the `elasticsearch-keystore` utility
```

uid:gid `1000:0`**. Bind mounted host directories and files must be accessible by this user,
and the data and log directories must be writable by this user.

[[docker-keystore-bind-mount]]
===== Mounting an {es} keystore

By default, {es} will auto-generate a keystore file for secure settings. This file
is obfuscated but not encrypted. If you want to encrypt your <<secure-settings,secure settings>>

> by password-protected the keystore that stores them, you must use the `elasticsearch-keystore`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
by password-protecting the keystore that stores them, you must use the `elasticsearch-keystore`
```

> by password-protecting the keystore that stores them, you must use the `elasticsearch-keystore`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
with a password, you must use the `elasticsearch-keystore`
```

nit: it just felt we said "password-protect" too many times in a row :)

Author: Truth.

utility to create a password-protected keystore and bind-mount it to the container
as `/usr/share/elasticsearch/config/elasticsearch.keystore`. In order to provide
the Docker container with the password at startup, set the Docker environment

> value `KEYSTORE_VALUE` to the value of your password. For example, a `docker run`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
value `KEYSTORE_PASSWORD` to the value of your password. For example, a `docker run`
```
